Update DCP_change_log.md (#3027)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

#### 25 April 2024 - Enhancement - Catalog - Show DMS issues when deploying a catalog item [ID_39374]

> Preventing users from deploying a catalog item when a deployment will fail. Showing the different issues with a documentation link for each DataMiner System.

Reviewer: OK to rephrase this like this? 
```suggestion
In case deploying a catalog item to a DataMiner System will fail, it will now no longer be possible for users to try to deploy the item to that system, and a documentation link will be shown so the users can resolve the issue.```

Author: This looks good to me.
